because they will have told me that I look like
mexican movie pancho villa 'this
woman the heroine does not have a mustache
learning and this one if he has a mustache
I think the wave is not being a woman
live tonal
no she is not a mustachioed woman and she
it was with the two men
I think it's time depilatory
I mustache
today we are going to distill the face
hairy mustaches are not fashionable
chávez and also this ventilation serves
for men and women and I found a
product in the super that I think we
can work in this box is of
Sally Hansen who has many products
very good then it gives me as a
guarantee 7 serves to pluck the eyebrow the
wine tuzzio and hairs the bikini area
and where we have the same are not fashionable
the hairs that we have to remove and
this is a very reliable way that the
we can do at home as always
a sensitivity test before because
not all skins are the same here
There are strips that are with band-aids
and good of different sizes
depending on the area for example if it is
the cheek because we have thicker and if
that's how it looks like it looks like Band-Aids
truth is they are more realistic we are going to
break up like this
which we are going to use and as in
any hair removal make the sixth
night before they are going to leave because
they're probably going to stay a little bit
roasted red toasted and they are
Putting on the beard, it will
remain as a little boy and we will appear
drinking tea if we're not going to like the
result then do it with moderation the
last night and see how your
skin every skin is different too
says it's for bikini algae me
I find them a little bit small for
the bikini but good if we have nothing else
more than ready out there that we want
retire of course it will work
until we take our bandage and we're going to
to warm
with your hands and while doing that
they may not come up funny if you
they have to warm up enough so that
feel that you are already in a good
temperature and this is instead of
microwave that for me is wonderful
because they are very desperate and already
it's hot we open it by
Of course the room is clean
Of course I do not have anything right now
makeup or anything and besides that no
touch the lip because it will hurt
let's put here like this and with the hair I'm going
to press
a while
combo that covers the area
and they have to give a single pull to the 19th
the truth has to go without knowing anything
more remains as well as everything replaces and
you can repeat it again if they hit you
about 23 the instructions are very
you can see them clearly which ones
can see my video and a two three
returns to exit with the case that is the
good eyebrow I consider this is my
opinion that this is not going to give me much
way because it's square but if not
I want to take away is a little bit what
I put nothing else here be careful not to leave
to bring your eyebrow can cut the
bandages to make them look better with a
little finger and 123 then it came out
if it goes well nothing else as they already have
little by little, well, that's fine
I do not know if it is possible to see here with my
decent anastasia production recordings
of the next movie 'avatar' it
I can see, I do not know the stuffed animal
this one that came out for him or if not then
believe and remember the opposite
where does the medium go?
coming down you pull for
above
why
in this beautiful little box that has
happy he will continue using that
has double or cute that was microwave and
I think heating that sets in
sugar 2 honey or nothing like me
like the things cited last up to
eight weeks that's good to eliminate
Quickly and effectively unwanted hair
all those crimes that give us cans
It seems that we come to decorate
exactly and in the part that does not
we want and when we want it in the
head there if it does not grow there if it does not come out
can be cut with scissors to give the
Desired form was not so wrong
I'm going to do it, I'm going to cut it
example in this that you and I already
I would like to do my eyebrows counted them
more or less a little curves of this
way
and when you put me in the eyebrow it's going to be a lot
easier to make a design and remove
remember to always measure before because
if we can not take the surprise
then we are going to bring our eyebrows and
I do not know what is worse with serra or without being
for hairy if we have one here and in
the area must be left to rest
Do not start giving and giving and giving because
we can inflame then with a
clamp if we see that there is one out there by
we are talking in a mirror of those
that make you see everything great that they are
horrible that you see open pores the
hairs that will leave you next year
the wrinkles that will leave you inside
three years these mirrors just use them
please for hair removal and I do not
another product arrived in me that nothing else
the batteries with that I can cope but
for the area that he already asks you, I'm going to take
almond oil can use oil
olive also
and with a cotton swab I'm going to put it and if
this records I'm super reddish I do not know
if you see here but and below the eyebrow
to nourish to soften and so that my
skin is as beautiful as ever and
true that if it works is a very
easy to remove the hairs from the
little face that we do not like can also
Serve for bikini arias that are not
so big with the wax and the rest of the
almond oil they put it in their
little hands in their little caps the little box
can buy in any super me the
I understand the sea of ​​Canada
obsessive compulsive buying everything
I am glad of her because I already give them
a very good tip for people who
they want to shave their mustaches and all this
I do not recommend rake for the eyebrows
neither for little mustaches nor for little hairs
Facials that are bothering them
definitely the wax or this kind of
help that is wonderful already comes from
peak
and there I will give them a personal weight
metal